Problem Statement 1: Temperature Monitoring System
Objective: Design a temperature monitoring system that reads temperature data from a sensor and triggers an alarm if the temperature exceeds a predefined threshold.
Requirements:
Read temperature data from a temperature sensor at regular intervals.
Compare the read temperature with a predefined threshold.
If the temperature exceeds the threshold, activate an alarm (e.g., LED or buzzer).
Include functionality to reset the alarm.
 
Problem Statement 2: Motor Control System
Objective: Implement a motor control system that adjusts the speed of a DC motor based on user input.
Requirements:
Use a potentiometer to read user input for desired motor speed.
Control the motor speed using PWM (Pulse Width Modulation).
Display the current speed on an LCD.
 
Problem Statement 3: LED Blinking Pattern
Objective: Create an embedded system that controls an array of LEDs to blink in a specific pattern based on user-defined settings.
Requirements:
Allow users to define blink patterns (e.g., fast, slow).
Implement different patterns using timers and interrupts.
Provide feedback through an LCD or serial monitor.
 
Problem Statement 5: Data Logger
Objective: Develop a data logger that collects sensor data over time and stores it in non-volatile memory.
Requirements:
Read data from sensors (e.g., temperature, humidity) at specified intervals.
Store collected data in EEPROM or flash memory.
Implement functionality to retrieve and display logged data
 
 start
 initalize the temperature value
 initalize the alarm system 
 initalize the LED
 Read the temperature from the sensor at regular intervals.
 if the temperature value is above the threshold limit
 the alarm make sound
 else  if
 the alarm will not make noise
 end



 start
 initalize potentiometer
 initalize the LED
 read the potentiometer value from the user
 set the motor speed using PWM
 display the motor speed on LED
 end





start
 initalize LED
 read the value from the user




start
initalize sensors
initalize EEPROM
Read data from the sensor
Store sensor data in EEPROM
Increment memory address to store next data
display the sensors data
repeat the process
end


start 
intialize the variables num1 and num2,c
switch(c)
case:'+'
c=num1+num2
printf(c)
break
case:'-'
c=num1-num2
printf(c)
break
case:'*'
c=num1*num2
printf(c)
break
case:'/'
if num2 != 0:
c = num1 / num2
printf num1 + " / " + num2 + " = " + c
else:
printf "Error! Division by zero is not allowed."
end IF
break




factorial of a number
------------------------

initalize the number,fact=1
if number<0
print"error"
else
for(i=number i>0;i--)
    fact = fact * number
printf(factorial)


factorial of a number using recusion




Problem Statement: Smart Irrigation System
Objective: Design a smart irrigation system that automatically waters plants based on soil moisture levels and environmental conditions. The system should monitor soil moisture and activate the water pump when the moisture level falls below a predefined threshold.
Requirements:
Inputs:
Outputs:
Conditions:
The pump should only activate if the soil moisture is below the threshold and it is daytime (e.g., between 6 AM and 6 PM).
If the soil moisture is adequate, the system should display a message indicating that watering is not needed.
Activate the water pump when the soil moisture is below the threshold.
Display the current soil moisture level and whether the pump is activated or not.
Soil moisture sensor reading (percentage).
User-defined threshold for soil moisture (percentage).
Time of day (to prevent watering during rain or at night).

Write pseudocode that outlines the algorithm for the smart irrigation system.
Create a flowchart that visually represents the logic of your pseudocode.
has context menu
 ------------------------------------
start
initalize the variables time,LED,moisture,pump
read the moister value
read the timestamp
if timestamp<6AM
if(moisture<threshold)
    printf('water the plants')
else
    printf('sufficent water is there')
else
printf("not aloweded")

